doc: nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto: legacy crypto edit (#2143)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: crypto/doc/nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto.rst

   :depth: 2

The nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto library is a software library used by the :ref:`nrf:crypto_drivers_cc3xx` in the |NCS| to interface with the Arm CryptoCell hardware accelerator that is available on the nRF52840 SoC, the nRF53 Series, and the nRF91 Series.

> The library adds hardware support for selected PSA crypto algorithms.

Reviewer: PSA **C**rypto

.. note::

>    Since the adoption of Mbed TLS v4.1.0 in the |NCS|, the library is used exclusively for integration with the TF-PSA-Crypto reference implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Since the update of Mbed TLS to v4.1.0 in the |NCS|, the library is used exclusively for integration with the TF-PSA-Crypto reference implementation.
```
rather?

* Ed25519
* Curve25519

Additional items in mbedtls_extra
---------------------------------

These mbedtls_extra algorithms are supported, but are not in the Mbed TLS API.

* AES key wrap functions
* ECIES
* HKDF

> * SRP, up to 3072 bits

Reviewer: Isn't this info still relevant (by removing specific mentions of Mbed TLS)?

Author: @frkv told me to get rid of these lines.

Reviewer 2: Yes. All of this is mbedtls_extra which is now gone
